Options pattern CSAT (#18335)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/configuration/index.md

[!code-cshtml[](index/samples/3.x/ConfigSample/Pages/Test5.cshtml)]

In the following code, `MyOptions` is added to the service container with <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.OptionsConfigurationServiceCollectionExtensions.Configure*> and bound to configuration:

[!code-csharp[](~/fundamentals/configuration/options/samples/3.x/OptionsSample/Startup3.cs?name=snippet_Example2)]

> The following markjup uses the [`@inject`](xref:mvc/views/razor#inject) Razor directive to display the options values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following markup uses the [`@inject`](xref:mvc/views/razor#inject) Razor directive to resolve and display the options values:
```

> [!code-cshtml[](~/fundamentals/configuration/options/samples/3.x/OptionsSample/Pages/Test3.cshtml.cs)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[!code-cshtml[](~/fundamentals/configuration/options/samples/3.x/OptionsSample/Pages/Test3.cshtml)]
```

## Access configuration in a MVC view file

The following code displays configuration data in a MVC view:

[!code-cshtml[](index/samples/3.x/ConfigSample/Views/Home2/Index.cshtml)]

## Configure options with a delegate

Options configured in a delegate override values set in the configuration providers.

Configuring options with a delegate is demonstrated as Example 2 in the sample app.

> In the following code, a <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Options.IConfigureOptions%601> service is added to the service container. It uses a delegate to configure the binding with `MyOptions`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following code, an <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Options.IConfigureOptions%601> service is added to the service container. It uses a delegate to configure values for `MyOptions`:
```

[!code-csharp[](~/fundamentals/configuration/options/samples/3.x/OptionsSample/Startup2.cs?name=snippet_Example2)]

> The following code displays the option values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code displays the options values:
```

[!code-csharp[](options/samples/3.x/OptionsSample/Pages/Test2.cshtml.cs?name=snippet)]

> In the preceding example, the values of `Option1` and `Option2` are specified in *appsettings.json*, but the values of `Option1` and `Option2` are overridden by the configured delegate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the preceding example, the values of `Option1` and `Option2` are specified in *appsettings.json* and then overridden by the configured delegate.
```
